README.md, before:

## Easy Dropper

When Droppers contain items, they will automatically dispense. Unless they are powered by redstone.

You can modify the trajectory of the dispensed items to make them land in a fixed position.

![screenshot1](res/sh_4.jpg)

![screenshot2](res/sh_2_EN.jpg)

## Download

[curseforge](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/easydropper)

[Gitee](https://gitee.com/EasyMod/EasyDropper/releases/)

[GitHub](https://github.com/DearXuan7392/EasyDropper/releases/)

## Features

### Automatic Dropper

The dropper will periodically dispense item if it has. The dispensing frequency can be customized by modifying the cooldown.

**Redstone power will stop it!(Like Hopper).**

### Fix landing point

When enabled, the landing position of each item are no longer random. They are accurately calculated based on the value specified by players.

## Tips

You can use droppers to transfer items upwards from below.

![screenshot3](res/sh_3.jpg)

## Dependencies

``minecraft 1.19.4``

``fabric >=0.14.19``

``modmenu >=6.2.1``

``modmenu`` can be downloaded at the following link

[https://modrinth.com/mod/modmenu/versions](https://modrinth.com/mod/modmenu/versions)

> Easy Hopper is only for client and LAN multiplayer. Only the host needs to install it.

Commit message:

Now it can run on a server

README.md, after:

## Easy Dropper

When Droppers contain items, they will automatically dispense. Unless they are powered by redstone.

You can modify the trajectory of the dispensed items to make them land in a fixed position.

![screenshot1](res/sh_4.jpg)

![screenshot2](res/sh_2_EN.jpg)

## Dependencies

``minecraft 1.19.4``

``fabric >=0.14.19``

``modmenu>=6.2.1``(Only Client)

**<font color=red>Important</font>**:

If this mod is installed on a client, not a server, it is recommended to install ``modmenu>=6.2.1``, or you will not see the configuration screen.

## Download

[Get It From CurseForge](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/easydropper)

[Get It From GitHub](https://github.com/DearXuan7392/EasyDropper/releases/)

## Features

### Automatic Dropper

The dropper will periodically dispense item if it has. The dispensing frequency can be customized by modifying the cooldown.

**Redstone power will stop it!(Like Hopper).**

### Fix landing point

When enabled, the landing position of each item are no longer random. They are accurately calculated based on the value specified by players.

## Tips

You can use droppers to transfer items upwards from below.

![screenshot3](res/sh_3.jpg)
